1️⃣ Can you explain the CI/CD pipeline flow in your project from code commit to production?
2️⃣ What tools have you used for CI/CD automation?
3️⃣ What happens when a developer pushes code to Git? Explain the pipeline trigger.
      configure webook in bitbucket and use jenkins url and conditons
      trigeger pipleine or poll scm option in jenkins
4️⃣ What is the difference between Continuous Integration, Continuous Delivery, and Continuous Deployment?
5️⃣ How do you build and package applications in your pipeline?
6️⃣ How do you perform code quality checks and security scanning in CI/CD?
7️⃣ How do you create and store artifacts (Docker images / build packages)?
8️⃣ How does the pipeline deploy applications to Dev, QA, Staging, and Production environments?
9️⃣ How do you ensure zero downtime deployments during releases?
    rolling upddate , blue-green deployments , caranary deployment
🔟 What is the difference between Blue-Green deployment and Rolling deployment?
1️⃣1️⃣ What will you do if a CI/CD pipeline fails during deployment?
      immedaitely roll back to prev working version and troubleshoot the failure
1️⃣2️⃣ A new release is deployed but users start reporting errors. How do you troubleshoot?
      check if multiple users , immedaitely roll back to prev working version and troubleshoot the failure
      if single user , then debug issue
1️⃣3️⃣ How do you rollback a deployment if something goes wrong in production?
      kubectl rollout history deployment/my-app
      kubectl rollout undo depoyment/web
      kubectl rollout undo depoyment/web --to-revision=3

      helm history my-release
      helm rollback my-release 2
1️⃣4️⃣ How do you secure secrets and credentials in CI/CD pipelines?
1️⃣5️⃣ How do you optimize slow pipelines and reduce build time?
      check which stage is taking time much
      if any dependency installations runing everytime ,do it in one time using runner image installations earlier 
      run builds parllely which are not dependent
      use incremental builds , Build only the components that changed instead of rebuilding the entire application.
      Perform shallow Git clones , --depth=1
      Execute unit tests on every commit.
      Run integration or end-to-end tests when required (e.g., before merge or release).
      Skip unaffected test suites when code changes are isolated.
